What dad
What's up?
All the shares of Auditorium Group will be sold out at once
The 300 billion market value went to zero in an instant
How is that possible?
Our stock is in the hands of all users
How could it be thrown away all at once?
Yeah, how is that possible?
Millions of users have negotiated together
Isn't that possible?
Did you receive a scam call?
It's a call from the head of our auditorium
Say the whole
The auditorium company was completely abandoned in just 30 seconds
I can only watch helplessly
Shares of Auditorium Group
A fall from a cliff?
That doesn't work.
You simple business minds
How can we understand the business sniping of the top and peak?
how
Don't you know?
When you have enough strength
You can put the other party's stock
Divided into countless anchor points
Buy it all in hand
Do you think your stocks
In 100,000 people
million hands
In fact, these 100,000 hands
There is only one hand behind a million hands
So he wants your stock to go up
If you want your stock to die, die
Do you understand?
A person holds a million hands
It's impossible.
Don't use your understanding and cognition
To analyze anyone in the world
Because there are many people who stand taller than you
Stop pretending
If you were taller than me
Now I have given birth to your child.
Why would I kick you?
Do you think after others heard that you kicked the sharp lord
Would you say you're smart?
No one here believed
You can't even handle your mother
Why do you still want to emphasize that you are the sword lord?
Who dares to impersonate Lord Jianzun and commit a crime?